17796445
 How TO OBTAIN THE BRAIN OF THE CAT. How to obtain the Brain of the Cat, (Wilder).-Correction: Page 158, second column, line 7, "grains," should be "grams;" page 159, near middle of 2nd column, "successily," should be "successively;" page 161, the number of Flower's paper is 3.
17800472
 DOLBEAR ON THE NATURE AND CONSTITUTION OF MATTER. Mr. Dopp desires to make the following correction in his paper in the last issue: "In my article on page 200 of "Science", the expression and should have been and being the velocity of light.
17742002
 ADDRESS OF COL. GARRICK MALLERY, U. S. ARMY. It may be conceded that after man had all his present faculties, he did not choose between the adoption of voice and gesture, and never with those faculties, was in a state where the one was used, to the absolute exclusion of the other. The epoch, however, to which our speculations relate is that in which he had not reached the present symmetric development of his intellect and of his bodily organs, and the inquiry is: Which mode of communication was earliest adopted to his single wants and informed intelligence? With the voice he could imitate distinictively but few sounds of nature, while with gesture he could exhibit actions, motions, positions, forms, dimensions, directions and distances, with their derivations and analogues. It would seem from this unequal division of capacity that oral speech remained rudimentary long after gesture had become an efficient mode of communication. With due allowance for all purely imitative sounds, and for the spontaneous action of vocal organs under excitement, it appears that the connection between ideas and words is only to be explained by a compact between speaker and hearer which supposes the existence of a prior mode of communication. This was probably by gesture. At least we may accept it as a clew leading out of the labyrinth of philological confusion, and regulating the immemorial quest of man's primitive speech.
17832547
 THE OUTLOOK FOR APPLIED ENTOMOLOGY. I have thus touched, gentlemen, upon a few of the many subjects that crowd upon the mind for consideration on an occasion like this, - a few gleanings from a field which is passing rich in promise and possibility. It is a field that some of us have cultivated for many years, and yet have only scratched the surface ; and, if I have ventured to suggest or admonish, it is with the feeling that my own labors in this field are ere long about to end, and that I may not have another occasion. At no time in the history of the world has there, I trow, been gathered together such a body of devoted and capable workers in applied entomology. It marks an era in our calling, and, looking back at the progress of the past fifteen years, we may well ponder the possibilities of the next fifteen. They will be fruitful of grand results in proportion as we persistently and combinedly pursue the yet unsolved problems, and are not tempted to the immediate presentation of separate facts, which are so innumerable and so easily observed that their very wealth becomes an element of weakness. Epoch-making discoveries result only from this power of following up unswervingly any given problem or any fixed ideal. The kerosene emulsion ; the cyclone nozzle ; the history of Phylloxera vastatrix, of Phorodon humuli, of Vedalia cardinalis,- are illustrations in point: and, while we may not expect frequent results as striking or of as wide application as these, there is no end of important problems yet to be solved, and from the solution of which we may look for similar beneficial results. Applied entomology is often considered a sordid pursuit ; but it only becomes so when the object is sordid. When pursued with unselfish enthusiasm born of the love of investigation and the delight in benefiting our fellow-men, it is inspiring ; and there are few pursuits more deservedly so, considering the vast losses to our farmers from insect injury and the pressing need that the distressed husbandman has for every aid that can be given bim. Our work is elevating in its sympathies for the struggles and sufferings of others. Our standard should be high,- the pursuit of knowledge for the advancement of agriculture. No official entomologist should lower it by sordid aims. During the recent political campaign the farmer must have been sorely puzzled to know whether his interests needed protection or not. On the abstract question of tariff protection to his products, we, as entomologists, may no more agree than do the politicians, or than does the farmer himself ; but ours is a case of protection from in- jurious insects, and upon that there can nowhere be division of opinion. It is our duty to see that be gets it with as little tax for the means as possible. Gentlemen, I thank you.
12336567
 Ovarian transplantation and reconstruction of fallopian tubes: with report of two cases and review of literature. 2 very early cases of organ transplantation, in this case of sections of healthy ovaries from fertile women to women unintentionally or unknowingly subjected to oophorectomy, are described; the paper concentrates on surgical technique, for the outcome is preliminary at the time of publication.  The surgeon involved found donors willing to lose portions of their ovarian tissue, for various reasons, who were proven fertile.  In 1 case of transplantation, the recipient was made ready for transplantation concurrently with the donor, and no storage of organs was necessary; in the other, ovarian material was stored in saline for a period of time, and upon reintroduction to a pelvic cavity the material immediately became reinfused and appeared healthy.  Neither of the recipients had begun menstruating postsurgery at the time of this article's publication (about 6 months postoperatively), but signs were hopeful.  The technique is spelled out in a step-wise manner.
12255534
 The surgical treatment of sterility due to obstruction at the epididymis; together with a study of the morphology of human spermatozoa. In a report of 192 cases of examinations of both husband and wife for cause of sterility, the husband was found at fault in 33 cases.  In 31, few spermatozoa were present and in 2, none.  The morphology of human spermatozoa is described in detail and the results of various staining methods compared.  Numerous drawings illustrate observed variations in morphology.  The common cause of azoospermia is an obliterating double epididymitis, usually of gonorrheal origin.  Permanent obliteration of the tube of the epididymis is exceptional rather than usual.  Persistent obstruction is most often only in the tail of the epididymis.  Motile spermatozoa may be found above the block.  The obstructed area may be bypassed by attaching the vas to any part of the epididymis on the testicular side of the obstruction or to the vasa efferentia.  This operation was successfully accomplished first in experiments on dogs.  A trial operation was done on a man with a history of bilateral epididymitis of gonorrheal origin followed by aspermia.  The cut end of the vas deferens was implanted into an incision in the head of the epididymis and secured with silver-wire sutures.  Semen showed many spermatozoa 19 days postoperation.  Whether the continuity of the duct will be permanently maintained was not determined.
12334406
 Vasectomy as a means of preventing procreation in defectives. A vasectomy technique is described and an argument for the sterilization of mental defectives, based on eugenics and the cost of institutionalizing mental defectives, is presented.
17832120
 THE RELATIONS OF THE NORTH AMERICAN FLORA TO THAT OF SOUTH AMERICA. Reviewing the floral relations of North and South America as illustrated in the foregoing instances, we may say that the phenomena of distribution agree fairly with the record of physical conditions which have succeeded each other and those which still exist, and upon which we might almost a priori have predicted an analogous set of distribution phenomena. In this relationship we may distinguish three categories of distribution: (1) Those due to the conditions of human civilization, commerce, etc. This has resulted in placing the same species in similar regions of both continents, as, for example, Fagonia cretica in Lower California and Chile; Munroa squarrosa, western plains of North America, plains of Argentine and high plateaus of Chile and Bolivia; Frankenia grandiflora, Southern California and Arizona, coast lands of Chile; Oxytheca dendroidea, Lastarricea chilensis, and Chorizanthe comrnmissuralis, all in Southern California and Western Chile. (2) Those due to the operation of natural causes acting unde present conditions of climate, geology, etc. Under this head may be cited such species as sida leprosa, hastata, anomala, Cienfugosia sulphurea, Spergulariaplattensis and, in general, elements of Gulf zone distribution; also certain elements which still find a pathway along the continental axis, including some alpine and mountain xerophilous genera. (3) The third category of distribution would include those phenomena due to geological and climatic changes acting through long periods. Under this head are included the elements of greatest significance in the relationsip of the North and South America floras. The endemic boreal flora of the Andes, the equally endemic boreal flora of the Mexican Cordilleras, and genera with sharply distinct species or sub-genera in the arid extra-tropical regions of both continents, which may be called remnant elements.
17752783
 MENDEL'S LAW OF HEREDITY. 1. The basic principle in Mendel's discoveries is that of the purity of t. he germcells; in accordance with this a cross-bred animal or plant produces germ-cells bearing only one of each pair of characters in which its parents differ. From it follows the occurrence in the second and later hybrid generations of a definite number of forms in definite numerical proportions. 2. Mendel's principle of dominance is realized in the heredity of a considerable number of characters among both animals and plants. In accordance with this principle, hybrid offspring have visibly the character of only one parent or the other, though they transmit those of both parents. 3. In other cases the hybrid has a distinctive character of its own. This may approximate more or less closely the character of one parent or the other, or it may be entirely different from both. Frequently the distinctive hybrid character resembles a lost ancestral character. In some cases of this sort, as in coat-color of mammals, the hybrid character probably results from a recomibination of the characters seen in one or both parents, with certain Other characters latent (that is, recessive) in one parent or the other. 4. There have been observed the following exceptions to the principle of dominance, or to the principle of purity of the germ-cells, or to both: (a) Mosaic inheritance, in which a pair of characters ordinarily related as dominant and recessive occur in a balanced relationship, side by side in the hybrid individual and frequently in its germ-cells also. This balanced condition, once obtained, is usually stable under close breeding, but is readily disturbed by cross-breeding, giving place then to the normal dominance. (b) Stable (self-perpetuating) hybrid forms result from certain crosses. These constitute an exception to both the law of dominance and to that of purity of the germ-cells. For the hybrid is like neither parent, but the characters of both parents exist in a stable union in the mature germcells produced by the hybrid. (c) Coupling, i. e., complete correlation may exist between two or more characters, so that they form a compound unit not separable in heredity, at least in certain crosses. (d) Disintegration of characters apparently simple may take place in consequence of cross-breeding. (e) Departures from the expected ratios of dominants to recessives may be explained in some cases as due to inferior vigor, and so greater mortality, on the part of dominants or recessives respectively. (f) Cases of apparent reversal of dominance may arise from 'false hybridization' (induced lparthenogenesis). Possibly in other cases the determination of dominance rests with circumstances as yet unknown. 5. Mendel's principles strengthen the view that species arise by discontinuous variation. They explain why new types are especially variable, how one variation causes others, and why certain variations are so persistent in their Occurrence.
17751393
 EVOLUTION AS IT APPEARS TO THE PALEONTOLOGIST. The following facts are those which are put forth through paleontological observation, for verification by others: 1. That many origins of new characters are through some internal action in heredity. 2. That many important adaptive characters arise determinately, definitely, but by extremely slow stages. 3. That degrees of similarity in such origins correspond with degrees of kinship. 4. That degrees of kinship also affect to a certain extent, but not absolutely the time of appearance, or the time of the origin, or the rate of evolution. 5. That such origins find expression not sponta. neously, or irrespective of conditions, or from purely internal mechanical causes, but through some entirely unknown and at present inconceivable relation to ontogeny (habit and use), to environment (external conditions), and to selection. 6. That if such origins do spring from internal hereditary principles, as they appear to do in many eases, slow origins (mutations of de Vries) may be simply due to the same law operating with a different velocity.
19866790
 THE VASCULAR CHANGES OF TUBERCULOUS MENINGITIS, ESPECIALLY THE TUBERCULOUS ENDARTERITIES. 1. In tuberculosis meningitis there is a tuberculosis endarteritis characterized by the formation of intimal tubercles and a diffuse subendothelial, intimal proliferation due to implantation of tubercle bacili from the blood. From the endarteritis the infiltration may spread into the muscular coat and the adventitia, and the whole wall may undergo caseous and hyaline degeneration. 2. Tuberculous proliferation in the adventitia may invade the media and the intima, and the whole wall of the arterial segment may undergo degeneration. 3. The veins are constantly the seat of more or less extensive infiltration, which always results from adjacent extravascular or arterial foci. 4. The epithelioid cells of the subendothelial, tuberculous intimal See PDF for Structure proliferation are most likely derived from the subendothelial layer of connective tissue and not from the endothelial lining.
19866791
 THE PRODUCTION OF DIPHTHERIA TOXIN. Toxin of sufficient strength to kill a 400-gramme guinea-pig in three days and a half in a dose of 0.cubic centimetre developed in suitable bouillon, contained in ordinary Erlenmeyer flasks, within a period of twenty-four hours. In such boullon the toxin reached its greatest strength in from four to seven days (0.005 cubic centimetre killing a 500-gramme guinea-pig in three days). This period of time covered that of the greatest growth of the bacilli, as shown both by the appearance of the culture and by the number of colonies developing an agar plates. The bodies of the diphtheria bacili did not at any time contain toxin in cosiderable amounts. The type of growth of the bacili and the rapidity and extent of the production of toxin depended more on the reaction of the bouillon than upon any other single factor. The best results were obtained in bouillon which, after being neutralized to litmus, had about seven cubic centimetres of normal soda solution added to each litre. An excessive amount of either acid or alkali prevented the development of toxin. Strong toxin was produced in bouillon containing peptone ranging from one to ten per cent. The strength of toxin averaged greater in the two and four-per-cent peptone solutions than in the one-percent. When the stage of acid reaction was brief and the degree of acidity probably slight, strong toxin developed while the culture bouillon was still acid; but when the stage of acid reaction was prolonged, little if any toxin was produced until just before the fluid became alkaline. Glucose is deleterious to the growth of the diphtheria bacillus and to the production of toxin when it is present in sufficient amounts to cause by its disintegration too great a degree of acidity in the fluid culture. When the acid resulting from decomposition of glucose is neutralized by the addition of alkali the diphtheria bacilus again grows abundantly. Glucose is not present, at least as a rule, in sufficient amounts in the meat as obtained from the New York butchers to prevent the rapid production of strong toxin if the bouillon is made sufficiently alkaline. In our experiments, when other conditions were similar, the strength of the toxin was in proportion to the virulence and vigour of growth of the bacillus employed.
19866796
 THE EFFECT OF ODOURS, IRRITANT VAPOURS, AND MENTAL WORK UPON THE BLOOD FLOW. The most important of this investigation has been the completion of various improvements in the construction and use of the plethysmograph, by means of which numerous errors attending the use of the instrument have been eliminated. The results of the work show that all olfactory sensations, so far as they produce any effect through the vasomotor system, tend to diminish the volume of the arm, and therefore presumably cause a congestion of the brain. Whenever the stimulation occassions an increase in the volume of the arm, as sometimes happens, it seems to be due to acceleration of the heart rate, which, of course, tends also to increase the supply of blood to the brain. The of odours varies in extent with different individuals, and with the same individual at different times. It was most marked in subjects sensitive to odours. Irritant vapours, such as formic acid, have a marked effect in the same direction-that is, they cause a strong diminution in the volume of the arm. The experiments give no support to the view that pleasant sensations are accompanied by a diminution of the See PDF for Structure blood supply to the brain and unpleasant sensations by the reverse efeect. In all my experiments mental work caused a marked and prolonged diminution in the volume of the arm. This vasomotor effect was sometimes preceded by a transitory increase in the volume of the arm caused by acceleration of heart rate.
19866804
 ON THE PIGMENT OF THE NEGRO'S SKIN AND HAIR. The pigmentary granules of the negro's skin and hair can be freed in several ways from the cells in which they are lodged and collected in any desired amount. As thus obtained, these granules are found to be insoluble in dilute alkalies, dilute hydrochloric acid (hot or cold), alcohol, or other organic solvents when applied in the order named. If, after they have been subjected to the action of dilute hydrochloric acid, they are again treated with dilute alkalies, they are found to give up their pigment, and, on the continued application of heat, the granules dissolve entirely in the alkaline solution, leaving only an insignificant residue. The pigmentary granules are composed of a colourless ground substance or substratum, a pigment, and much inorganic matter. Their inorganic constituents, as thus far determined, are calcium, magnesium, iron, and silicic, phosphoric, and sulphuric acids; and these constituents possibly play an important part in the deposition and fixation of the colouring matter in the granules. The pigment isolated from the granules, and sufficiently freed from adherent inorganic matter, contains only the merest trace of iron-so little, in fact, that we must think of it when entirely pure as free of iron. Heating the isolated pigment with barium hydrate at a temperature of 260 degrees C. entirely frees it from the closely adherent ground substance, and it is then found that the vapours of pyrrol are no longer emitted when it is subjected to dry distillation, and the odour of burnt feathers is no longer discerned, although nitrogen is still present. We can not conclude as the result of our work that the pigment is a derivative of haemoglobin; it seems to us more probable that it is ultimately derived from the proteids of the parenchymatous juices. The total quantity of soluble pigment in the skin of a negro of average size is found to weigh about 1 gramme; the weight of the pigmentary granules is about 3.3 grammes, if we are right in our assumption that they contain sixty-five per cent of water and five per cent of mineral constituents in their natural state in the epidermis. The pigments of the epidermis and hair of the negro are very likely identical. In the present state of our knowledge we can only say that it seems highly probable that the pigment of the negro's hair is not different from the dark pigment found in the hair of the white races, and we may infer that the pigment of the black skin differs only in amount and not in kind from that deposited in the skin of the white man.
19866805
 ON HAEMORRHAGIC CYSTS OF THE THYROID GLAND. 1. All the features peculiar to the gross cysts of the thyroid gland which possess fluid contents appear to indicate that they are essentially of haemorrhagic origin. 2. While these gross cysts would seem more especially to occur in glands which already present the features of parenchymatous goitre, the theory of Wölfler that they originate as a consequence of spontaneous rupture of the vesicles is unsatisfactory. 3. It would seem more probable that these large cysts are due to rupture, traumatic or otherwise, of some of the vessels of the organ. The frequent signs of small haemorrhages in cases of parenchymatous goitre without evidence of associated gross change in the surrounding vesicles, the structure of the organ and its exposed position, all appear to favour this view.
19866807
 THE INFLUENCE OF ACUTE ALCOHOLISM ON THE NORMAL VITAL RESISTANCE OF RABBITS TO INFECTION. THE DEDUCTIONS THAT MAY BE DRAWN FROM THE RESULTS OF THESE EXPERIMENTS ARE AS FOLLOWS: That the normal vital resistance of rabbits to infection by streptococcus pyogenes (erysipelatos) is markedly diminished through the influence of alcohol when given daily to the stage of acute intoxication. That a similar, though by no means so conspicuous, diminution of resistance to infection and intoxication by the bacillus coli communis also occurs in rabbits subjected to the same influences. And that, while in alcoholized rabbits inoculated in various ways with staphylococcus pyogenes aureus, individual instances of lowered resistance are observed, still it is impossible to say from these experiments that in general a marked difference is noticed between alcoholized and non-alcoholized animals as regards infection by this particular organism. It is interesting to note that the results of inoculation of alcoholized rabbits with the erysipelas coccus correspond in a way with clinical observations on human beings addicted to the excessive use of alcohol when infected by this organism. In the course of the work an effort was made to determine if, through the oxidation of alcohol in the tissues to acids of the corresponding chemical group, the increase of susceptibility could be referred to a diminution in the alkalinity of the blood as a result of the presence of such acids. The number of experiments thus far made on this point is too small to justify dogmatic statements, but from what we have gathered there is but little evidence in support of this view. Throughout these experiments, with few exceptions, it will be seen that the alcoholized animals not only showed the effects of the inoculations earlier than did the non-alcoholized rabbits, but in the case of the streptococcus inoculations the lesions produced (formation of miliary abscesses) were much more pronounced than are those that usually follow inoculation with this organism. With regard to the predisposing influence of the alcohol, one is constrained to believe that it is in most cases the result of structural alterations consequent upon its direct action on the tissues, though in a number of the animals no such alteration could be made out by macroscopic examination. I am inclined, however, to the belief, in the light of the work of Berkley and of Friedenwald, done under the direction of Prof. Welch, in the Pathological Laboratory of the Johns Hopkina University, that a closer study of the tissues of these animals would have revealed in all of them structural changes of such a nature as to indicate disturbances of important vital functions of sufficient gravity to fully account for the loss of normal resistance. The conspicuous influence of the alcohol on the gastric mucous membrane in many of these animals, with the consequent disturbance of nutrition, is undoubtedly the explanation of the marked loss in body weight that was observed in many of the animals employed in these experiments. In this light the susceptibility induced by alcohol to excess is somewhat analogous to that induced by starvation, where we see the resistance of animals to particular forms of infection very markedly diminished.
19866814
 THE HISTOLOGIGAL LESIONS OF ACUTE GLANDERS IN MAN AND OF EXPERIMENTAL GLANDERS IN THE GUINEA-PIG. The glanders nodule in the class of cases studied by us is in no sense analogous to the miliary tubercle in its histogenesis, and our studies afford no support to Baumgarten's views. The primary effect of the bacillus of glanders on a tissue we found to be not a production of epithelioid cells, which undergo necrosis and invasion by leucocytes, as happens in the cases in which the bacillus of tuberculosis is concerned, but to be the production of primary necrosis of the tissue, followed by inflammatory exudation, often of a suppurative character. Degenerative changes rapidly ensue in the inflammatory products. These conclusions are in harmony with the observations of Tedeschi, above referred to.
19866815
 TWO CASES OF SARCOMATOSIS WITH PURPURA HAEMORRHAGICA. The purpura accompanying the two foregoing cases of sarcoimatosis would seem to find its explanation in the coexistence of several factors, the main feature being an involvement of the vascular system by the sarcomatous elements. There existed in Case I a direct lesion of the vessel wall whereby the sarcoma cells invaded directly the various coats, and were found mainly between the intima and the adventitia, dissecting their way, as it were, along these tracts in the vessel walls. There was further an extensive involvement of the perivascular lymphatics, from which point, indeed, it would seem that the sarcoma cells had invaded the walls of the vessels themselves. In Case II, moreover, not only was there a definite invasion of the lymph spaces near the vessels, but, furthermore, there was undoubted evidence of the existence of emboli of sarcoma cells in the lumina of the blood vessels; and in the immediate vicinity of such conditions haemorrhages were invariably found. While some vessels, and indeed a great many, were quite free from such emboli, in others the lumina were completely occluded by spindle cells, so as to preclude the possibility that these were merely a collection of desquamated endothelial cells, such as is frequently found as the result of post-mortem changes. That such an embolic condition can exist is by no means an unreasonable supposition, and, while it is generally recognised that multiple sarcomata are usually made up of small round cells, in this case we have an undoubted example of sarcomatosis of the spindle-celled variety. There are numerous instances of this " embolic purpura," as it may be called, especially in French and German literature, the condition being associated with rheumatism, valvular lesions of the heart, and other diseases which induce directly or indirectly the formation of emboli. Krauss, Gimard, Leloir, and others have insisted with considerable emphasis on the embolic origin of many purpuric conditions, and in some instances they have verified their observations by histological examination. Leloir assumes that, in addition to the presence of the ordinary emboli and the changes in the vessel walls with desquamative endarteritis, the blood itself may be much altered chemically, and that in the cachectic conditions clots may be thrown down from the circulating blood and be carried onward to form capillary emboli, with resulting haemorrhagic infarctions. Krogerer, some ten years ago, in examining the skin removed from patients with symptomatic purpura, found definite thromboses in the smaller veins, and even in the arteries. According to his view, the alterations in the vessel walls gave rise to slowed circulation and tendency to thrombosis, bringing about a liability to haemorrhages. His plates bear out his theories regarding the thrombi, many of which show considerable organization. But a careful examination of the purpuric areas shows further that a mere invasion of the vascular system by sarcoma cells can not explain all the various blood effusions present. On examining the skin, for instance, in those areas where large irregular haemorrhages had occurred, there was but little evidence of vascular invasion, while the emboli, on the other hand, seemed to exist mainly in the localized smaller and more circumscribed patches. One must therefore conclude that in such instances a combination of factors will alone afford a rational explanation of the purpura, and that in the general condition of the patient we shall find another cause for the enormous effusions of blood. In both of our cases there were high fever, cachexia, and a rapid progressive asthenia, all being the results of a sarcomatosis, and implying also grave alterations in the composition of the blood. From this we may infer an altered condition of the vessel walls, and hence probably a combination of circumstances sufficient to explain the incidence of haemorrhage. The raised cutaneous nodules in our second case, some of which were haemorrhagic, can not be regarded as pure sarcomatous metastases, for on microscopic examination they merely revealed haemorrhage or necrosis, or both, and sometimes plugging of the vessels. There was nowhere in these nodules evidence of new growths. Such elevations, then, must have been produced rather by a temporary serous or cellular exudation coincident with or following upon the haemorrhage-a probability which is emphasized by the fact that during the last days of the patient's illness many of the nodules diminished in size. Whether the oedema and infiltration were secondary to the embolic process in the subcutaneous vessels or whether they were merely coincident with the haemorrhage would be difficult to decide. The ringlike spots, however, are of special interest, inasmuch as it has been shown that they have been present in more than one case of sarcoma. It is not impossible that such spots may be definitely related either to the embolic processes or to a direct invasion of the cutaneous vessels, though, so far as we know, there do not exist any experimental proofs to bear out such a theory. From what has been said, however, it is evident that the cutaneous vessels were plugged during the last few days of the illness, at a time when the walls of the smaller vessels and capillaries were already greatly enfeebled. The result of the embolic formation may therefore mean a decided deficiency in the supply of nutriment to the involved area, the collateral circulation naturally being poor under the circumstances. As soon, then, as the vessels had become plugged, the surrounding blood supply would be poured in to a limited extent, and, on meeting the enfeebled vessels, might possibly break through their thin walls, thus producing a zone of haemorrhage around the area deprived of its normal nutrition. In other words, the condition may be regarded as in many respects analogous to that presented in embolic infarcts in regions with end arteries, central necrosis with peripheral congestion and haemorrhage being induced, the latter being chiefly limited to the outer zone of the necrotic area. The cutaneous vessels under such circumstances may be regarded as end arteries in a functional sense, since the collateral circulation would be so diminished under the altered conditions that no complete nourishment could be afforded to the area supplied normally by the plugged vessel. Von Recklinghausen has directed especial attention to the occurrence of cutaneous haemorrhages following embolic or thrombotic occlusion of peripheral arteries. The possibility of some toxic condition as a factor in the production of the purpura in our cases may also be suggested; but while we would not exclude this possibility, we are unable to find any positive evidence in its favour. Focal necroses, which are often associated with toxic and infectious processes, were present only in direct association with the haemorrhages, and were not distributed in the liver, spleen, and kidneys in the manner characteristic of toxic infections. Nevertheless the absence of these necroses does not exclude the possibility of the existence of some form of toxaemia. Infection demonstrable by bacteriological examination was absent, and there is no reason to regard our cases as allied to the infectious purpuras. The thermic theory suggested by Fagge at all events finds no place in the production of the multiple tumours in our cases, inasmuch as in each instance extensive visceral growths had given rise to the metastases.
19866819
 THE REGENERATION OF THE BLOOD. a. The blood of apparently normal animals undergoes considerable variations within physiological limits. b. After a loss of blood the regeneration is more rapid if there has been a transfusion of an artificial serum. c. Regeneration after transfusion is less rapid during the first half of the regeneration period than during the second half. d. The regenerative processes once stimulated into activity carry the blood, qualitatively, considerably beyond the established normal. (See Plate XXXIII.) Otto (2) observed a similar phenomenon. e. The quantity of haemoglobin per volume of red blood-corpuscles is not constant. f. The volume of red blood-corpuscles varies as the product of the average volume of individual corpuscles and the number of corpuscles per unit volume. (V proportional, variant v x n). g. When the number of the corpuscles increases the size decreases, and conversely, (n proportional, variant(1/2)). h. The quantity of haemoglobin varies in general with the number of red blood-corpuscles per unit volume. (Hb. proportional, variant n).
19866820
 A STUDY OF TYPES OF RESPIRATORY MOVEMENTS. 1. Children of the two sexes differ very little in the character of their respiratory movements. 2. Between girls and women and boys and men there is little or no difference in respiratory type. 3. Childbearing does not permanently affect respiration. 4. The natural type of respiration, for both sexes is one in which the movement is fairly equally balanced between chest and abdomen, the abdominal being somewhat in excess. 5. In typical unconstricted individuals the chest contributes about the same bulk of air as does the abdomen. 6. Constricting dress causes preponderance of thoracic movement in ratio to its restriction of abdominal movement and to the sensitiveness of the nervous co-ordination.
19866821
 THE IMMUNIZING POWER OF NUCLEOHISTON AND OF HISTON. THE RESULTS OBTAINED IN THE PRECEDING EXPERIMENTS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: 1. Nucleohiston does not protect against a separate and subcutaneous injection of tetanus toxin, diphtheria toxin, hog-cholera bacillus, or anthrax bacillus. 2. Mixtures of nucleohiston and either tetanus toxin or diphtheria toxin lose their specific toxic action-the latter much more rapidly than the former. Animals that recover after inoculation of such mixtures are not rendered immune. 3. In a mixture of nucleohiston and anthrax bacillus the latter is unaffected, even after the lapse of eleven days. 4. The destruction of specific toxins in a solution of nucleohiston, though in part due to sodium carbonate, is probably chiefly due to the nucleohiston. 5. Histon does not protect against a separate and subcutaneous injection of tetanus toxin, diphtheria toxin, hog-cholera bacillus, or anthrax bacillus. 6. In a mixture of histon and diphtheria toxin the latter is destroyed in a few minutes. This action is in part, if not wholly, due to the acidity of the histon solution. Similar mixtures of closely related bodies, serum globulin or albumoses, in Witte's pepton, give analogous results. The animals that recover from such inoculations are not rendered immune. Histon does not destroy the tetanus toxin as readily as the diphtheria toxin. 7. Histon possesses decided and marked toxic properties which are not due to the hydrochloric acid present.
19866826
 ON THE TIME OF REFLEX WINKING. I. The mean total time taken from 450 experiments on sixteen subjects was found to be 0.0420 second. II. Natural winks occurring very shortly before the record was taken had no influence. III. The reflex time was found to vary in different individuals, the limits of the mean times being 0.0351 and 0.0491 second. For any given individual there was a close correspondence between averages of sets of experiments obtained under similar conditions. In the case of one man this was true of sets of experiments taken a year apart. Sex has no influence. IV. Apprehension seems to shorten the time.
19866828
 A RESEARCH UPON ANAESTHESIA. THE CONCLUSIONS WHICH HAVE BEEN REACHED BY THE SERIES OF EXPERIMENTS RECORDED IN THE PRESENT MEMOIR ARE: First. Lowered arterial pressure has a comparatively feeble effect upon the respiration, but when the pressure falls sufficiently, respiratory depression does occur. Second. Even excessive lowering of blood pressure primarily stimulates the vaso-motor centre, the sensibility of the centre being evidently necessary to the automatic regulation of the circulation. Third. The circulation recovers itself more slowly after profound etherization than after a like chloroform narcosis. Fourth. It is possible for ether as well as chloroform to produce death some hours after the cessation of its administration, at a time when the cerebrum has long freed itself from distinct evidences of the narcotic, so that consciousness and intellectual action have been restored. In applying these conclusions to the subject of practical anaesthesia it is evident that the depression of the circulation produced by chloroform has effect upon the respiratory centres only when the pressure has fallen very low, and whilst it may be a factor in the production of respiratory failure during chloroformization, the failure must be chiefly due to the direct influence exercised by the drug upon the respiratory centres. Clinical experience shows that nausea and general depression are more pronounced after the use of ether than after the use of chloroform, a difference which is strongly insisted upon by the advocates of chloroform as an important agent in favor of that anaesthetic. Our research confirms clinical observation, and experimentally shows that the depression of the circulation produced by ether is more permanent than that caused by chloroform; the reason probably being the large amount of ether which is necessary to produce profound narcosis, with lowering of the arterial pressure; an amount so large that it can neither be burned up in the system nor yet eliminated in the time which would be necessary for the much smaller amount of chloroform to be gotten rid of after chloroformization.
19866829
 EXPERIMENTS ON THE RELATION OF THE INHIBITORY TO THE ACCELERATOR NERVES OF THE HEART. The experiments described in Part IV of this paper show that in whatever manner the problem of the relation of the vagus to the accelerators is approached, whether the accelerators are stimulated during a stimulation of the vagus, or the vagus during a stimulation of the accelerators, or both are stimulated simultaneously, either for a short or for a longer period, the result is the same, viz., the effect upon the rate of the heart is determined entirely by the relative strength of the stimuli applied to the two nerves. If the stimuli are of approximately the same strength, as judged by the effect of stimulating the nerves separately, the rate of the heart is but slightly affected; if the stimulus applied to the vagus is the stronger, the heart is slowed; if it is weaker, the heart is accelerated. In all cases the result of stimulating the two nerves simultaneously is approximately the algebraic sum of the results of stimulating them separately; sometimes the inhibitory effect slightly predominates, but not more frequently than does the accelerator effect. Moreover, the two nerves may be stimulated simultaneously for a considerable period of time without either completely overcoming the effect of the other. Thus as far as their effect upon the rate of the ventricular beat is concerned, the vagus and accelerator nerves seem to be purely antagonistic; the statement that a minimal stimulation of the one can completely overcome a maximal stimulation of the other is undoubtedly incorrect, and the hypotheses as to the mode of action of these nerves upon the heart, based upon this statement, lose their chief support.
19866832
 CHEMISTRY OF COLOSTRUM MILK; A REPORT OF SIX CASES. Colostrum corpuscles are not always found in so-called colostrum milk; when they are present, the percentage of proteids is higher; as they disappear, the proteid percentage drops. The color of colostrum milk is yellow; this color is especially marked in negroes' milk (observed in four cases not included in this report). The reaction of colostrum milk is alkaline. The specific gravity varies from 1024 to 1034. This variation is chiefly due to the variation in the amount of fat present.
19866833
 ON THE ACTION OF SUBSTANCES OF THE DIGITALIS SERIES ON THE CIRCULATION IN MAMMALS. In summing up the contents of the preceding pages it may be stated that the action of digitalis has been divided into two stages according to the changes evinced by the ventricles under its influence; of these the first is characterized by marked inhibitory action together with modification of the cardiac muscle, while in the second the inhibitory action is less marked and the muscular action becomes the more prominent feature. The inhibitory action is due to direct stimulation by this series of the pneumogastric centrally in the medulla oblongata and peripherally in the heart. The extent to which the inhibitory mechanism is stimulated varies in different animals and with different members of the digitalis series. The muscular action of small quantities betrays itself in a tendency to increase the extent of the contraction, while in some cases the degree of relaxation reached in diastole is also lessened by it. In larger quantities the series increases the irritability of the cardiac muscle very considerably, and the spontaneous rhythm of the ventricles therefore becomes developed. Through the interaction of these two factors in the first stage the rhythm of the whole heart is slowed, the contraction of the ventricle is more complete, and the diastolic relaxation is generally increased, although it may be unchanged or lessened. The systolic pressure is increased and the fall from maximum to minimum pressure is slower than normal owing to the increased completeness and longer duration of systole (Rolleston). The auricles generally contract with less force and may relax more completely than normally. Sometimes, however, their contractions also are more complete than before the injection of the drug. This latter condition generally precedes the diminution of the force of the auricular contraction. This variation of the effects of digitalis in the auricle explains the changes in intra-auricular pressure noted by Kaufmann. The contraction volume of the ventricles is always much increased, and the output per unit of time is generally augmented, and this together with the contraction of the peripheral arterioles causes an increase in the tension in the systemic circulation, an acceleration of the circulation, and possibly a temporary increase in the pressure in the great veins and in the auricle and ventricle in diastole (Kaufmann). The pressure in the pulmonary artery is practically unaffected by some members of the series, while by others it is considerably increased. This difference in the reaction of the pulmonary circulation is due to the varying extent to which these drugs act on the peripheral arteries and not to any difference in their action on the two sides of the heart. If the inhibitory action be very strongly marked the slowing of the heart may be extreme, the ventricles assuming their own spontaneous rhythm and all connection with the auricles being lost. While the contraction volume of the ventricle is still greater than normal, their output per unit of time may become less than normal, the aortic tension therefore fall and the rapidity of the circulation be lessened. The ventricles maintain their association throughout, and probably the rhythm of the two auricles also remains equal. The ventricular rhythm, however, becomes irregular owing to the variation in the duration of the diastolic pause. The auricles may cease altogether in diastole, or may continue to beat with a slower or faster rhythm than the ventricles. During the second stage the rhythm of the heart becomes accelerated owing to the increased irritability of the heart muscle. The ventricle tends to assume a rapid spontaneous rhythm, while the auricular rhythm is also quicker than in the first stage. When these two rhythms interfere by the passage of impulses across the auriculo-ventricular boundary in either direction, irregularity of the heart is produced, generally bearing a distinctly periodic character. The ventricles continue to maintain their common rhythm, while the auricles and ventricles may contract at quite different rates. The two ventricles, however, do not necessarily contract with equal force, and the contractions of one may present periodic variations in strength, while those of the other may be almost perfectly uniform. The contractions of the auricles vary in the same way as regards each other and the ventricles. The inhibitory nerves are no longer able to slow the ventricular rhythm, but may affect the completeness of systole and diastole in the ordinary way. The auricular contractions can still be lessened in force and possibly be abolished by their stimulation, and the impulses passing between the auricle and ventricle may therefore be blocked and regularity of the heart produced by powerful inhibition. The irregularity of the contractions is therefore due indirectly to the increased irritability of the cardiac muscle and the acceleration must be attributed to the same cause. An extreme phase of this stage produced by the interference of the rhythms is a temporary standstill of one of the chambers, generally the auricle. The irregularity leads to a lessened efficiency of the work of the heart. The output varies extremely in successive observations and the contraction volume of every individual beat may differ. The various chambers often show a tendency to dilate during this stage. The blood pressure in the systemic arteries at first remains high, in fact may be higher than in the first stage owing to the increased rapidity of the heart rhythm, but afterwards falls continuously as the periodic variations become shorter in duration. The auricles generally cease contracting before the ventricles, but not invariably. There is no fixed order in the cessation of the ventricles or auricles. Each division comes to a standstill in a position somewhat nearer diastole than systole and then passes into delirium and dilates to the fullest extent.
19866834
 A GRAPHIC STUDY OF TREMOR. FROM OUR OBSERVATIONS I THINK THE FOLLOWING PROPOSITIONS ARE JUSTIFIED: (1) All muscular movements are made up of a series of elementarycontractions and relaxations in alternation, which may be appreciable as tremor in conditions of both health and disease. (2) The differences between different tremors are of degree rather than of kind, i. e. no one form of tremor is distinctive of any one disease or group of diseases. (3) No definite relation exists between one form of tremor and any other. (4) The frequency of movement is in inverse ratio to the amplitnde and vice versâ. (5) Habitual movements are performed with greater freedom from tremor than unusual movements. (6) There is no material difference between the movements of the two sides of the body, except as related to Proposition (5).
19866836
 NODULAR FORMS OF TUBAL DISEASE. THE CONCLUSIONS AT WHICH WE ARRIVE ARE THE FOLLOWING: 1. Nodular enlargement of the tube can be caused by a number of different pathological conditions. 2. Clinical examination does not enable us to make a diagnosis of the pathological condition existing in an individual case of nodule of the tube. 3. The diagnosis of the nature of a tubal nodule can be made only with the microscope. 4. The conditions causing nodular enlargement of the tube are congenital or acquired, non-inflammatory or inflammatory. 5. Any one of these conditions can exist without the production of nodules. 6. The nodules can be found in all parts of the tube and-taking the peculiar anatomy of each part of the tube into account-show the same structure. 7. The enlargement can be caused by epithelial or epithelioid formations, connective or muscular tissue, by round-cell infiltrations or combinations of two or more of these. 8. The epithelial formations originate in the epithelium of a. the tubal mucous membrane (salpingitis pseudo-follicularis, adenomyoma originating in the tubal epithelium). b. the accessory tubes (intraparietal parasalpinx and hydro-parasalpinx). c. remnants of the Wolffian body (adenomyoma). 9. The epithelioid formations originate in the peritoneal endothelium (peritoneal growths under "relative heterotopy"). 10. The excess of formation of connective tissue is a consequence of inflammatory conditions of the tubal wall (salpingitis interstitialis, Zweifel). 11. The hypertrophy of the muscular tissue is a. non-inflammatory (adenomyoma). b. consequent upon inflammation-Kaltenbach's case (23). 12. The accumulations of round cells are direct evidence of inflammation: a. non-specific (salpingitis interstitialis disseminata, salpingitis abscedens); or b. specific (salpingitis tuberculosa or s. gonorrhoica). 13. The epithelioid formations can occur wherever pseudo-membranes cover organs lined with a serous coat. 14. Extra-uterine pregnancy (abdominal or tubal) produces epithelioid formations by causing pseudo-membranes to form-not by any irritation peculiar to the pregnancy.
19866837
 ON THE CAUSE OF THE HEART BEAT. 1. The cause of the rhythmic contraction of the ventricle lies within the ventricle itself. 2. The cause of the rhythmic contraction is not a single, localized, co-ordination centre; the co-ordination mechanism, whatever it may be, is present in all parts of the ventricle. 3. The integrity of the whole ventricle is not essential to the coordinated contractions of a part of the ventricle. 4. The apex of the mammalian heart possesses spontaneous, rhythmic contractility. 5. Assuming that the general belief in the absence of nerve cells from the apical part of the ventricle is correct, these experiments demonstrate that nerve cells are not essential to spontaneous, long-continued, co-ordinated contractions of the ventricle.
19866847
 ON THE APPEARANCE OF CERTAIN AMOEBOID BODIES IN THE BLOOD OF VACCINATED MONKEYS (RHOESUS) AND CHILDREN, AND IN THE BLOOD FROM CASES OF VARIOLA : AN EXPERIMENTAL STUDY. 1. The claim of L. Pfeiffer that small granular amoeboid bodies are present in the blood of vaccinated children and calves, and in the blood from cases of variola, during the stage of fever is confirmed. A nucleus has not been positively made out in any of these bodies. 2. Granular amoeboid bodies, having a diameter about one-third that of a red blood cell, appear, also, in the blood of the monkey during the active stage of vaccinia and disappear with the decline of the local inflammation. 3. A body of like appearance, granulation and size may occasionally be found in the normal blood of monkeys and children. 4. Pale amoeboid bodies, containing a few dark pigment-like granules, are present in the blood from cases of variola and in the blood of the variolated monkey. Bodies of like appearance may occasionally be found in the blood of vaccinated children and monkeys.
19866851
 THE INFLUENCE OF ENVIRONMENT UPON THE BIOLOGICAL PROCESSES OF THE VARIOUS MEMBERS OF THE COLON GROUP OF BACILLI : AN EXPERIMENTAL STUDY. Assuming the typical colon bacillus and the typical typhoid bacillus to represent the types of this group that present the greatest divergences in biological peculiarities, we conclude, as others also have done, that there is a series of closely related forms that may be regarded as intermediate or transitional and which serve to establish a biological relationship, either near or remote, between these two typical members. From our own studies we are inclined to regard the typical colon bacillus as the type of this group, for the reason that its functional equilibrium, as observed in the intestine, is so permanent a quality that it may readily be perpetuated under what is ordinarily regarded as favorable artificial circumstances, and that with the continuance of such conditions there is no conspicuous tendency on the part of this organism to deviate from what we regard as its norm; whereas, on the other hand, with all the other members of this group with which we have worked, there is not only a lack of uniformity in the adjustment of the functions, but such as exists is readily disturbed under artificial environment; though it must be borne in mind that even with the typical colon bacillus we have also shown functional modifications to be possible under particular conditions. When the members of the colon group are cultivated under circumstances favorable to the development of both the function of fermentation and that of proteolysis, fermentation invariably takes precedence and no evidence of proteolysis is manifested until after fermentation has ceased. The cultivation of all the members of the colon group under circumstances that favor the development of one function, viz. that of proteolysis, at the expense of another, viz. that of fermentation, results first in an apparent increase of vigor; but this is of temporary duration and is quickly followed by the decline and death of the cell. The result of this increased activity of the proteolytic function is the formation of much larger amounts of indol by typical colon cultures than has ever been obtained by us by any other method. By the method of experimentation through which we were enabled to accentuate the proteolytic activity of the typical colon bacillus, as caused by an increase of indol formation, we have also induced the function of indol formation not only in atypical colon bacilli that had been devoid of it, but in every specimen of typical typhoid bacilli to which we had access as well. We feel justified in regarding one of the differential tests between the typhoid and colon bacillus, namely that of indol formation on the part of the latter and the absence of this function from the former, as of questionable value, for the reason, as shown above, that by particular methods of cultivation indol production has been shown to accompany the development of a number of specimens that we have every reason to regard as genuine typhoid bacilli. As a result of our own experiments, together with the observations of others, there can be no doubt that the bacillus coli communis at times possesses pathogenic properties, and that by artificial methods of treatment it may often be brought from a condition of benignity to one of virulence. The spleen of a typhoid patient has always been regarded as the only trustworthy source from which to obtain the typical typhoid bacillus. While we believe this to be true, still our investigations show that other members of the colon group may also be present in this viscus; in fact, from such spleens we have isolated practically all of the varieties of this group with which we are acquainted. From our experience, the value of the serum test for the differentiation of typhoid and colon bacilli would seem to be questionable. We are inclined, however, to attribute the irregularities recorded above as due more to the method of application than to defects of the principles involved; for, as stated, by the use of dried blood, as in our experiments, it is not possible to make the test with constant and accurate, or even approximately accurate, dilutions of the serum. Our irregularities may be in part due to this defect. We therefore lay less stress upon this than upon the other features of our work.
19866852
 A STUDY OF THE ACTION OF ACONITIN ON THE MAMMALIAN HEART AND CIRCULATION. The action of aconitin on the dog's heart, therefore, seems to consist in: 1. A stimulation of the inhibitory mechanism, especially of the centres in the medulla oblongata. 2. An increase in the irritability of the muscle of the auricle and the ventricle, which leads to independent contractions of one or both of these divisions and culminates in fibrillary contractions in the ventricle. The first of these is the only effect seen in the therapeutic use of the drug, and aconitin may, therefore, be considered to be indicated when it is desirable to stimulate the inhibitory centre without acting on the heart muscle. Of course it has a further effect on the circulation through the stimulation of the vaso-motor centre, but this would appear to be of minor importance.
19866854
 A CONTRIBUTION TO THE STUDY OF HUMAN NEUROGLIA. THE RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS OF THE ABOVE INVESTIGATION ARE: 1. The term glio-sarcoma should be dropped, as unscientific and misleading in its significance. 2. The problems regarding neuroglia demand varied methods for their adequate study. 3. With all the means at our command, the absolute determination of the relation of cells and fibres in individual cases remains difficult and at times impossible. 4. No criterion has yet been offered to determine a fundamental distinction between glioma and sarcoma (Stroebe); and secondly, between glioma and so-called gliosis (Weigert). 5. The development of neuroglia in all probability is from cells with protoplasmic processes to cells with differentiated and independent fibres. 6. Herein lies a possible reconciliation of the conflicting views concerning the ultimate structure of human neuroglia.
19866856
 FOCAL OR INSULAR NECROSIS PRODUCED BY THE BACILLUS OF TUBERCULOSIS. 1. It must be accepted from a comparison between the histological changes described in the focal necroses due to abrin and ricin, diphtheria, eclampsia, blood-serum intoxication, typhoid fever, lobar pneumonia and glanders, and those described here in three cases of tuberculosis, that the last are also instances of focal necrosis. 2. It may be claimed that the areas of necrosis in the three cases of tuberculosis had their origin in ischaemia, for the reason that they were numerous in the spleen and were not found in the kidney. Against such an explanation of their causation are the facts: that other forms of necrosis affect frequently the spleen and seldom the kidney; that thrombosis of vessels or any fixed relation of the areas in the spleen to blood-vessels could not be established; that the tubercle bacilli were invariably present; and lastly and of no slight importance, that these necroses were all present in cases of marked marasmus. 3. That the areas of necrosis in these three cases might be phenomena resulting from a mixed infection with pyogenic bacteria is possible, but no groups, colonies or even single bodies could be found which answered to the requirements in shape or staining properties for such bacteria. Even were it the case that the focal necroses here presented are the histological lesions of a septicaemia occurring as a complication of tuberculosis, the presence of the bacillus of tuberculosis in the areas of necrosis would still require explanation. 4. Lastly, it is not unreasonable to suppose that a diminished resistance on the part of the tissues incidental to marasmus is an important factor in the production of these necrotic lesions.
19866858
 ON A METHOD OF ISOLATING AND IDENTIFYING BACILLUS TYPHOSUS, BASED ON A STUDY OF BACILLUS TYPHOSUS AND MEMBERS OF THE COLON GROUP IN SEMI-SOLID CULTURE MEDIA. Semi-solid culture media, and more especially media rendered semi-solid by temperatures of from 30 degrees to 40 degrees C., seem to have an important bearing in the differentiation of bacterial species, particularly those presenting various degrees of motility. In such media not only the effect of differences in consistence on the motility of an organism may be noted, but the effect produced by various chemicals and nutrient ingredients on the growth and motility may be readily observed. By systematically varying the constituents of such media it has been possible to produce a medium in which the behavior of Bacillus typhosus differentiates it from the various members of the colon group; and also to produce a medium in which the colonies of Bacillus typhosus assume a form which distinguishes them from the colonies of the colon bacilli in plate cultures. Bacillus typhosus alone of all the organisms investigated during these experiments has displayed both the power of giving rise to thread-forming colonies in the plating medium and that of the uniform clouding of the tube medium, hence these two characters may prove to be of great value in the identification of this organism. The practical application of the use of these media has led to the ready detection of Bacillus typhosus and its isolation from the stools of patients suffering from typhoid fever. No suspected water has been subjected to test, but from the investigation of artificially infected tap-water the media here described may be assumed to have an application in the detection of Bacillus typhosus in such waters.
19866865
 PRELIMINARY OBSERVATIONS ON A CASE OF PHYSIOLOGICAL ALBUMINURIA. 1. The proteids consisted of albumins and globulins, varying in quantity between the extremes of .9010 grm. and .2592 grm. in the 24 hours, but usually between .7 and .37 grm., the average being .5317 grm. 2. The quantity of the proteids varies directly as the urea, inversely as the external temperature. The relation between the quantity of urine and the quantity of proteid is not constant. The quantity of the proteida is little affected by diuretics; it tends to be increased by certain drugs that act upon the circulation. It is lessened during sleep. It is apt to suffer a sudden temporary increase, returning as suddenly to the usual average. For this phenomenon we have no explanation. 3. From .5449 to .6616 grm. of coagulable proteids a day (.0079 to .0094 grm. per kilo of body-weight) may be excreted through the urine for an indefinite time by an otherwise healthy individual without damage to either kidneys or organism.
19866866
 THE FATE OF THE GIANT CELLS IN HEALING TUBERCULOUS TISSUE, AS OBSERVED IN A CASE OF HEALING TUBERCULOUS MENINGITIS. From the foregoing description of the histological changes in the leptomeninx it is quite evident that we are dealing with a chronic, stationary, healing form of tuberculous inflammation. This statement is substantiated, in the first place, by the clinical history. The only reasonable interpretation of the symptoms would establish the duration of the process as four months. The imaginable contingency that there existed first a meningeal syphilitic lesion that was dispersed by the iodide of potassium only to be followed by a tuberculous infection is so remote and unlikely that it need not be discussed. At all events the tuberculous leptomeningitis, which presented a typical distribution, began insidiously, existed at times in a latent condition, and pursued a very anomalous course, marked by a relative mildness of all the symptoms, and thus it came about that when an apparent or real improvement followed the administration of iodide of potassium able observers were induced to make an erroneous diagnosis. Death occurred as a result of an intercurrent infection. The long duration of the process is also shown, anatomically, by the thick layer of firm, translucent and gelatinous material that matted together the structures at the base, and also by the evident adhesions between the pia and the brain. The histological examination furnishes proof positive of the correctness of the conclusion in regard to the peculiar character of this process because it shows: (1) That the tuberculous proliferation is uniform in development and has reached nearly the same stage of evolution throughout the entire extent of the leptomeninx involved; it is not a process that has advanced by exacerbations and irregular extensions; the lesions are, generally speaking, of nearly the same age everywhere and must have begun at about the same time. (2) That only a very limited degree of caseous degeneration is present, pointing to an early arrest of the activity of the tubercle bacillus or to a very decided diminution or attenuation of its virulence. (3) That the subendothelial intimal proliferations of epithelioid cells, so generally found in acute tuberculous leptomeningitis,* have in this case become more or less completely changed into distinct fibrous tissue in which but very slight, if any, direct evidence of its tuberculous origin can be found. It is only by recognizing that the chronic endarteritis is most marked in correspondence with the most advanced adventitial tuberculous changes, and by finding an imperfect, much altered giant cell in one district of intimal thickening, that we were able to establish the direct kinship of the endovascular changes with those of the pia in general. (4) That acute inflammatory changes, in the form of emigration of polymorphonuclear leucocytes and of fibrinous exudation, are entirely absent in all parts of the district involved. The presence of a turbid serous fluid is of course not at all inconsistent with the view that the anatomical changes are of long duration. (5) That the granulation tissue present is, in general, undergoing fibrillation and contains a rich supply of enabryonal capillary vessels as well as of larger blood-vessels of evidently new formation. The absence of any considerable extent of polymorphonuclear leucocytic infiltration in this tissue has already been referred to. The cells in the granulation tissue correspond to the cells of embryonal or formative connective tissue. Vacuolation is rarely present. (6) That the unusually large number of giant cells present are remarkably free from evidences of necrosis and degeneration of the character ordinarily observed in tuberculous proliferations, that they do not contain in demonstrable form tubercle bacilli, and that the majority of the giant cells seem to be separating into individual cells and smaller masses often with, but sometimes also without, evidences of nuclear disintegration. The possibility that these phenomena may signify fusion instead of the sundering of cells will be discussed below. For these reasons there can be no doubt that the general claim that we are dealing with an instance of chronic, healing tuberculous meningitis must be regarded as established beyond dispute. The growth of tubercle bacilli in the glycerine-agar tubes, inoculated with the fluid from the pial meshes, and the demonstration of tubercle bacilli, though in very small numbers, between the cells of the embryonal tissue, furnish the positive evidence that we are actually dealing with a tuberculous process due to living and not to dead bacilli. The degree of virulence of the cultures of tubercle bacilli was, unfortunately perhaps, not studied. The presence of living tubercle bacilli in a tissue free from active and acute changes characteristic of tuberculosis demonstrates that, whatever the actual degree of virulence of the bacilli may have been, the tissue in which they were found was at this time relatively immune from their action. The manner in which this immunity was produced, and in which the process of healing was initiated, need not be discussed at this time any further than to again direct attention to the fact that the bacilli lost their virulency as regards the cells in this leptomeninx before these cells underwent any marked degree of degeneration. The cells of the tuberculous proliferations survived the further action of the bacilli whose original effect it was to initiate cell accumulation or proliferation; the cells also retained sufficient vitality to develop, in some instances at any rate, into formative cells according as their origin would dictate, e. g. into fibroblasts. That fibroblasts are formed only by embryonal connective tissue cells, and not by wandering cells, such as the large mononuclear leucocytes, we are well aware, is possibly still a disputable assumption, and we do not consider it pertinent to discuss the question any further in connection with this study, but would only emphasize the point that some of the cells of tuberculous proliferations may, under favorable circumstances, become formative cells, and, furthermore, that the amount of formative tissue produced may be far in excess of what is actually needed for purposes of repair only. Surely the appearances here noted indicate that the bacillus of tuberculosis has the power to stimulate fixed cells to multiply, unless one assumes that all, or almost all, the formative cells here seen are derived from wandering cells attracted by the presence of the bacillus and its products. As to the ultimate fate of the formative and other cells in this healing tuberculous tissue no final statements can be made. It must be remembered that it is only one stage in the process of healing that is dealt with. The well marked evidences of fibrillation, the quite extensive formation of new vessels, the absence of evidences of degenerative changes in the uninuclear cells, all point to the production of new fibrous tissue as sure to occur, but it seems quite probable that occasional epithelioid cells may undergo or have undergone dropsical or other forms of degeneration, although it is certainly apparent that so far as the small cells are concerned the involution of the tuberculous tissue is not occurring through disintegration. Perhaps the most interesting feature in this case is the opportunity it affords to study the changes in the giant cells of healing, non-degenerated tuberculous tissue. In the first place, the large number of giant cells is quite remarkable. The general characters of the tissue in which they are found recall the fact that giant cells are regarded as quite constant elements in chronic mild tuberculosis; often the giant cells are the only cells that contain bacilli (Koch). In this instance the giant cells do not contain bacilli that are demonstrable by the usual methods; neither do they contain bodies that can be definitely interpreted as degenerate forms of bacilli such as those found by Metchnikoff, Stchastny, Weicker, and others, in the giant cells of Spermophilus guttatus, in avian and in human tuberculosis. Metchnikoff states, however, that he knows of the occurrence of such degenerate forms only in the Spermophilus guttatus under the circumstances mentioned, and in the rabbit and guinea-pig in mammalian tuberculosis, but not in man; consequently, the manner in which the giant cells rid themselves of the bacilli undoubtedly present in their interior at some time during their existence, must as yet remain without any explanation. In the description of the histological changes the various appearances presented by the giant cells are described somewhat minutely. The essential observations made concern, in my opinion, the further fate of giant cells which are still found to persist in healing nondegenerated tuberculous tissue. It was, I believe, quite conclusively shown that the consecutive changes appear to consist in the breaking up of the nuclei, the removal of the detritus by phagocytes, and the formation of a few apparently viable uninuclear cells in the case of more degenerated, exhausted giant cells, while other, and, as it would seem, better preserved or younger giant cells, separate into a number of individual, uninuclear cells with but little or no nuclear disintegration. Objection might be raised to this interpretation of the appearances in the giant cells. While no one could very well dispute the view that part of the giant cells are undergoing retrogressive and absorptive changes with the production of some viable cells, a question might well be raised concerning the nature of the process taking place in those giant cells that have been spoken of as splitting up or dividing into uninuclear cells and smaller multinucleated masses without much evidence of nuclear disintegration. (ABSTRACT TRUNCATED)
19866867
 A CASE OF PSEUDO-LUPUS VULGARIS CAUSED BY A BLASTOMYCES. The case reported, in this article is one of a somewhat extensive cutaneous disease, which occurred in a man, 33 years of age, who gave the following history: The disease first made its appearance, eleven and a half years ago, at the back of the left ear, as a pimple which soon became pustular. The process extended forward, very slowly and gradually encroached upon and covered almost the entire face, the central portion of which now presents an atrophic cicatricial condition. Another similar lesion occurred, one month after the primary invasion, on the back of the hand, which healed in about four years, after treatment with caustic. A third lesion appeared on the right side of the scrotum (six months after), which increased in size for a year and then healed spontaneously. A fourth inoculation appeared, on the anterior surface of the left thigh just above the internal condyle, and grew for a year, after which it gradually healed spontaneously. A fifth lesion appeared on the back of the neck and also healed spontaneously after growing for a year. The disease when first examined presented many of the features of a lupus vulgaris. There were no enlarged lymphatic glands and the patient's health had always been good. The family and personal history revealed no syphilitic or tuberculous taint. Sections from the cutaneous lesions showed the presence of what appeared to be budding blastomycetes. The sections also presented pathological features similar to those seen in the first case recorded by Gilchrist; in many sections almost typical tubercles were found. The organisms in the tissue are chiefly spherical, unicellular bodies varying from 10-20 micro in diameter, and consist of a doubly contoured membrane, which encloses a fine granular protoplasm with sometimes a vacuole. Many budding forms in various stages were found; nonucleus could be demonstrated, neither were any mycelium or hyphae present in the tissues. The parasites were almost always found outside of cells, comparatively few being enclosed in giant cells. Pure cultures of the organism were obtained directly from the cutaneous lesions in two places from the pus squeezed out from between the papillomatous variety of the lesion. The organism grew on all ordinary media, and especially well on potato and beer-wort agar. The cultures showed both budding forms and a fairly profuse mycelium. Older cultures, carried through many generations, produced sometimes little or no mycelium. The organisms in the cultures were round, ovoid, doubly contoured, refractive bodies, varying in size from about 10 to 20micro in diameter. The mycelium was, on rare occasions, of two varieties, very fine and also coarse with sessile buds and conidia. Dogs, a horse, a sheep and guinea-pigs were successfully inoculated, the most striking results being nodules, grossly simulating tumors, in the lungs. Microscopically these nodules were of a chronic inflammatory nature and contained numerous parasites identical in appearance with those in the patient. In the tissues of none of the animals successfully inoculated was any mycelium found. Since our organism did not ferment sugar and produced in cultures mycelium, it may either belong to the blastomycetes or to the oidia, but in conformity with prevailing nomenclature we regard it as a blastomyces. We shall term the disease which has been produced by this organism Blastomycetic Dermatitis. We give the name Blastomyces dermatitidis to the parasite which we have isolated and described in this paper. In closing we are of the opinion that it would be advisable to examine more carefully all tuberculous lesions of the skin, and especially those of tuberculosis verrucosa cutis, for the presence of blastomycetes. This can be readily and rapidly done by soaking the unstained sections in ordinary liquor potassse, when the organisms if present will stand out as doubly contoured refractive bodies.
19866869
 EXPERIMENTAL THYROIDISM. FROM THE RESULTS OF THE VARIOUS EXPERIMENTS ALREADY DETAILED I FEEL JUSTIFIED IN DRAWING THE FOLLOWING CONCLUSIONS: (1) Absolutely fresh thyroid gland is not poisonous, in the usual sense of the term, when absorbed through the alimentary canal. (2) The symptoms of induced thyroidism are manifestations of an intoxication resulting from the ingestion of decomposed thyroid material, a conclusion that agrees in part with the previously related observations of Lanz. (3) The so-called experimental thyroidism is not specific for the thyroid only, for the ingestion of many substances derived from animal tissues other than the thyroid gland may produce an intoxication strikingly similar in every respect to that of experimental thyroidism. (4) Most, if not all, animal tissues yield substances which, if injected in large quantities directly into the circulation or beneath the skin, will produce an intoxication often very similar to that produced by injections of various substances derived from the fresh thyroid tissue. (5) The effects resulting from the intravascular or subcutaneous injections of aqueous extracts, decoctions and the concentrated extractives of the thyroid tissue, of the thymus, of muscle, etc., are by no means necessarily indicative of the function and the action of the hypothetical internal secretions of the same tissues during life. (6) The utilization of the fact that ingestion of decomposed thyroid material produces on certain occasions an intoxication with certain symptoms similar to some of those of G-raves' disease is not justifiable for the furtherance of the theory that the symptoms of exophthalmic goitre result from an over-production of the thyroid secretion. (7) Our results lead us to conclude with Drechsel that the fresh thyroid tissue yields at least probably two substances that are capable of palliating the symptoms of the acute cachexia in totally thyroidless dogs. (8) The thymus tissue also yields one and probably two substances that are as equally capable as the thyroid extractives of palliating the acute cachexia in totally thyroidless dogs. (9) Neither of the above substances is an enzyme, nor does either contain iodine. (10) Neither the feeding of minced raw thyroid glands, nor the injection of aqueous thyroid extracts, decoctions, and concentrated solutions of the extracted palliative thyroid principles is capable of keeping totally thyroidless young dogs alive longer than a few weeks (possibly three weeks). Still less capable are the thyroid preparations containing decomposition products. (11) The presence of one, or usually several, small accessory thyroid bodies, which gradually hypertrophy and wholly or partially assume the functions of the excised thyroid lobes, accounts for the occasionally long survival of thyroidectomized, thyroid-fed, young dogs. (12) Totally thyroidless young dogs are so quickly overwhelmed by the cachexia, and the intervals between the thyroidectomy and the onset of the severe dyspnoeic attacks and subsequent deaths differ so slightly, no matter which of the usual varieties of fresh food are employed, that kinds of fresh food cannot be unquestionably affirmed to influence the onset of the cachexia in any especially definite manner. Animal foods, in which constituents poisonous to rabbits have developed, probably slightly hasten the onset of the severer symptoms, and the vaunted remarkably modifying influence of a diet of ordinary milk, such as Breisacher observed, does not exist in the case of the totally thyroidless dog. (13) Monkeys whose general metabolism is disturbed in consequence of the removal of a greater portion of the thyroid gland, evidently become more susceptible to those constituents of meat that are poisonous to rabbits, and sufficient clinical evidence exists for concluding that probably a like susceptibility to animal foods containing such constituents also exists in men when the function of the thyroid gland is sufficiently disturbed. (14) And, finally, as regards the thyroid factor in the pathology of exophthalmic goitre, I agree with Gley that the majority of the symptoms in many patients with that disease can apparently, from an experimental standpoint, be as plausibly explained by the hypothesis of partially deficient thyroid activity as by the hypothesis of augmentation of thyroid function.
19866895
 ON THE PRESENCE OF CHOLIN AND NEURIN IN THE INTESTINAL CANAL DURING ITS COMPLETE OBSTRUCTION : A RESEARCH ON AUTOINTOXICATION. My experiments lead me to believe that complete occlusion of the small intestine at its lower end will give rise to the occurrence of cholin, neurin and perhaps other bases, provided the food taken contains any considerable quantity of lecithin. It is not improbable that still other poisons are formed by bacterial action from other constituents of the food in cases of intestinal obstruction. While cholin would have to be absorbed in relatively large amounts to exert a marked toxic action in human beings it is otherwise with neurin, which is many times more intense in its action and must be classed with the exceedingly active poisons. It has been shown both by the experiments of Schmidt and Weiss and also by those recorded in this paper that the poisonous neurin may be formed from cholin by bacteria. In its physiological action neurin agrees closely with muscarin; especially to be noted here is the paralytic action on the heart and its power to increase the intestinal movements to such an extent that continual evacuations occur. Whether the ptomaine which was found by me is poisonous 1 cannot yet say. It must be considered proved, however, that highly toxic substances may arise in the intestinal canal during its complete occlusion. The method of treating cases of intestinal obstruction, before surgical means are resorted to, namely, washing out the stomach and as much of the gut as possible often reduces the violent paristalsis and this is due, perhaps, to the removal of substances out of which irritating and toxic products are formed by bacteria. In conclusion, I would remark that our knowledge of the fate of lecithin in the digestive canal under normal conditions is very deficient. The assumption that it is saponified by the fat-splitting enzyme of the pancreatic juice, thus yielding cholin, glycero-phosphoric acid and fatty acids, rests on the work of Bókai in 1877 and, as that investigator himself admits, without excluding bacterial action. This omission throws grave doubts on the results. If the assumption of Bókai be correct, caution must be observed in the use of some foods that have been considered most nutritious and healthful; for instance, the ingestion of a meal made up largely of eggs would hardly be without danger because of the poisonous action of the large quantity of cholin liberated from the lecithin and the probability of the formation of the highly poisonous neurin. It is my purpose in the near future to examine this question with the help of modern methods.
19866898
 GLYCOSURIA IN DIPHTHERIA. (1) There is a transitory glycosuria in diphtheria, which is found frequently in the severe cases and is usually present in the fatal ones. (2) This glycosuria is often associated with albuminuria. (3) Injections of diphtheria antitoxin are occasionally followed for a few days by a slight glycosuria.
19866901
 ACTION OF FORMALDEHYDE ON ENZYMES AND ON CERTAIN PBOTEIDS. THE FOLLOWING GENERAL CONCLUSIONS MAY BE DRAWN FROM THE PRECEDING WORK: Fibrin is altered by formaldehyde and is then less easily digested by pepsin and by trypsin. Papaïn is apparently unable to digest fibrin even when this is exposed to very weak formaldehyde (1:1000) for a very short time. The casein of milk, on contact with formaldehyde, undergoes rapid alteration and is as a result not coagulated by rennet, or but very slowly. Such altered casein, like similar fibrin, is not readily digested by the proteolytic ferments. The longer the formaldehyde acts on casein and on fibrin the more marked is the result. Pepsin is not affected by a one per cent solution of formaldehyde, even when the mixture has stood for four weeks. Even a five per cent solution of formaldehyde acting for three weeks has no effect on pepsin. Contrary results obtained by others are due to an alteration of the fibrin by the formaldehyde. A putrid solution of pepsin in distilled water one month old digests fibrin as readily as a fresh solution. Rennet is not affected even by a four per cent solution of formaldehyde acting for several weeks. The absence of coagulation at times is due to the action of formaldehyde on the casein of the milk and not on the rennet ferment. Papaïn is very quickly altered by formaldehyde, even in very dilute solution. Moreover, it is unable to digest fibrin that has been exposed to the action of a very dilute solution of formaldehyde for a short time. Trypsin is altered by formaldehyde to such an extent that digestion of fibrin will not take place, or but very slowly. The extent to which trypsin is affected by formaldehyde depends largely upon the amount of organic matter present, as well as on the amount of ferment in the solution. Amylopsin is not destroyed by very dilute solutions of formaldehyde, but stronger solutions decrease the activity of the ferment, and if used in sufficient concentration will destroy it completely. Ptyalin, like the diastatic ferment of the pancreas, is not destroyed by dilute solutions of formaldehyde. If the latter is used in rather strong concentration and allowed to act for some time it will destroy the ferment. The action of formaldehyde is more rapid and more marked at a slightly elevated temperature than at ordinary room temperature. Malt diastase, unlike the diastatic ferments of the saliva and pancreatic solution, is not destroyed by formaldehyde when this is used in moderate amount and at ordinary temperature. Unlike pepsin, a solution of malt diastase readily undergoes decomposition on standing even for one or more days. This destruction is undoubtedly due to bacteria since it does not take place when formaldehyde is present. Consequently the favoring action which formaldehyde apparently exerts on diastase really consists in the inhibition of the growth of micro-organisms, and hence the diastase is protected against decomposition.
19866902
 A SECOND CASE OF GONORRHOEAL SEPTICAEMIA AND ULCERATIVE ENDOCARDITIS WITH OBSERVATIONS UPON THE CARDIAC COMPLICATIONS OF GONORRHOEA. (1) An acute gonorrhoeal urethritis may be the starting point for a grave general septicaemia with all its possible complications. (2) These infections may be mixed or secondary, due to the entrance into the circulation of organisms other than the gonococcus, or they may be purely gonococcal in nature. (3) Endocarditis is an occasional complication of gonorrhoea. (4) This endocarditis may be transient, disappearing with but few apparent results, or it may leave the patient with a chronic valvular lesion, or it may pursue a rapidly fatal course with the symptoms of acute ulcerative endocarditis. (5) The endocarditis associated with gonorrhoea is commonly due to the direct action of the gonococcus, hut may be the result of a secondary or mixed infection. (6) Pericarditis may also occur as a complication of gonorrhoea, but it is less frequent than endocarditis. It may, as in the case of the latter, be the result either of a pure gonococcal or of a mixed infection. (7) Grave myocardial changes, necroses, purulent infiltration, embolic abscesses are common in the severe gonococcal septicaemias. (8) In instances of gonococcal septicaemia the diagnosis may, in some cases, be made during life by cultures taken from the circulating blood according to proper methods.
19866905
 REPORT OF EXPERIMENTAL WORK ON THE DILUTION METHOD OF IMMUNIZATION FROM RABIES. 1. I have simplified the dilution method by using a stock glycerine emulsion of the virulent cord, from which the desired dilutions can be readily prepared. The proportion of glycerine should not exceed (1/5) part, if it is desired to retain the full virulence of the emulsion. 2. There is some danger of giving rabies to animals in the dilution immunization treatment, a danger which is not present in the Pasteur method. 3. The dried-cord method does not rest solely upon the principle of dilution, but is based also upon attenuation of the virus. 4. The Pasteur method being entirely free from the element of danger which pertains to the glycerine dilution method and resting upon a sounder experimental basis is the one to be preferred.
19866906
 A STUDY OF THE SPINAL CORD BY NISSL'S METHOD IN TYPHOID FEVER AND IN EXPERIMENTAL INFECTION WITH THE TYPHOID BACILLUS. (1) The application of the Nissl method to the study of the motor cells of the spinal cord, and the nerve cells of the dorsal root ganglia in typhoid fever, shows that these cells regularly suffer pathological changes in the course of the infection. (2) The alterations in the motor cells are more constant and of a severer grade than are those in the cells of the sensory ganglia. The more characteristic changes consist of disintegration, solution and destruction of the chromatic substance of the cell starting from the axone hillock and proceeding toward the nucleus. Coincidently the nuclei of the affected cells seek the periphery. Alterations are also suffered by the nucleus and nucleolus. (3) While this central form of ehromatolysis is the prevailing type of pathological change, disintegration, etc., of the Nissl bodies situated in the periphery of the cell and in the dendrites is also observed (peripheral chromatolysis). (4) In experimental infection with typhoid bacilli in rabbits a similar series of lesions in the corresponding nerve cells in the spinal cord and ganglia is encountered. (5) The main or central type of lesions discovered is identical with that found in man and animals after section, destruction, or even slight injury of the peripheral nerves. (6) The examination of the peripheral nerves arising from the lumbar segment of the cord (the site in man and rabbit of the most profound changes) in rabbits inoculated with typhoid bacilli showed well-marked evidences of parenchymatous degeneration. (7&gt; It is probable that lesions of the peripheral nerves in typhoid fever in human beings are common and that the post-typhoid hyper sthesias and paralyses are due to this cause. (8) Restitution of the chromatic granules may take place in the affected nerve cells, the new formation beginning about the nucleus and extending through the protoplasm.
19866907
 THE THERMAL DEATH-POINT OF TUBERCLE BACILLI IN MILK AND SOME OTHER FLUIDS. 1. Tubercle bacilli when suspended in. distilled water, normal salt solution, bouillon and milk, are destroyed at 60 degrees C. in 15 to 20 minutes. The larger number are destroyed in 5 to 10 minutes. 2. When tubercle bacilli are suspended in milk, the pellicle which forms during the exposure at 60 degrees C. may contain living bacilli after 60 minutes.
19866934
 AN EXPERIMENTAL STUDY OF OXALURIA, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO ITS FERMENTATIVE ORIGIN. 1. As varying amounts of calcium oxalate may be held in solution in the urine, conclusions based upon the presence or number of calcium oxalate crystals found therein are of no real value as an indication of the quantity of oxalic acid present. 2. Unless the utmost care is exercised, the results obtained by quantitative estimation of oxalic acid are subject to large percentages of error. This is especially true in the use of Neubauer's or Shultzen's methods, in which the calcium oxalate is precipitated in an alkaline solution. 3. An ordinary mixed diet regularly contains traces of oxalic acid or its salts. 4. A portion of the oxalic acid ingested with the food may be absorbed and reappear unchanged in the urine. 5. The normal daily excretion of oxalic acid in the urine fluctuates with the amount taken in the food, and varies from a few milligrammes to two or three centigrammes, being usually below ten milligrammes. 6. In health, no oxalic acid, or only a trace, is formed in the body, but that present in the urine has been ingested with the food. 7. In certain clinical disturbances which in some of the cases studied above were associated with absence of free hydrochloric acid from the gastric juice, oxalic acid is formed in the organism. 8. This formation in the organism is connected with fermentative activity in the alimentary canal. (a) The prolonged feeding of dogs with excessive quantities of glucose, together with meat, leads eventually to a state of oxaluria. (6) This experimental oxaluria is associated with a mucous gastritis, and with absence of free hydrochloric acid in the gastric contents. (c) The oxaluria and the accompanying gastritis are referable to fermentation induced by the excessive feeding with sugar. (d) The experimental gastritis from fermentation is associated with the formation of oxalic acid in the gastric contents. 9. The symptoms attributed to an oxalic acid diathesis, with the exception of those due to local irritation in the genitourinary tract, do not appear to be due to the presence in the system of soluble oxalates, but are more likely to depend on other products of fermentation and putrefaction.
19866935
 SERUM-GLOBULIN AND DIPHTHERIC ANTITOXIN.-A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF THE AMOUNT OE GLOBULIN IN NORMAL AND ANTITOXIC SERA, AND THE RELATION OF THE GLOBULINS TO THE ANTITOXIC BODIES. THE RESULTS OF THE FOREGOING EXPERIMENTS MAY BE BRIEFLY SUMMARIZED AS FOLLOWS: The amount of antitoxic substance obtained by precipitation with magnesium sulphate from the blood-serum of the horse corresponds, as nearly as can be determined by the use of test guinea-pigs, in full to the protective power of the serum from which it is obtained, i. e. the precipitate from 1 cc. of serum will protect against the same amount of toxin as 1 cc. of the serum itself. Equal amounts of the precipitates by magnesium sulphate from immunized and non-immunized horses act differently toward toxin; i. e. the proportion of protective substance to the precipitate from non-immunized serum is exceedingly small as compared with the proportion of antitoxin to the precipitate from sera of immunized horses. The average precipitate from the sera of immunized horses, as obtained by magnesium sulphate, is more abundant than the average precipitate from sera of non-immunized horses. In the case of the same animal before and after immunization, the serum before immunization gives a less abundant precipitate with magnesium sulphate than the serum tested after immunization. The proportion of increase per unit of antitoxic strength for the same or different horses is not constant. This may be due to an increase of inactive substances (in their relation to diphtheric toxin) or to imperfect methods of determination. The precipitates obtained by magnesium sulphate give all the reactions recognized as characteristic of globulins, and as distinguishing them from other albuminous bodies. We are not warranted, then, in the present state of our knowledge, in considering any part of these precipitates as other than globulin. But it does seem warrantable to conclude, from the fact that the globulins of normal serum do not protect, or only in comparatively large amounts, against diphtheric toxin, that new globulins are formed, or rather greatly increased in the serum of immunized horses, and that these globulins protect against the toxin. These increased globulins and the inert globulins (which from obvious causes are a very variable factor) are both precipitated by magnesium sulphate. Every animal has a physiological and pathological history more or less widely diverging from the normal, hence absolute conformity in the results obtained is not to be expected, at least with our present methods of differentiation.
19866936
 THE FRACTIONAL PRECIPITATION OF THE GLOBULIN AND ALBUMIN OF NORMAL HORSE'S SERUM AND DIPHTHERIA ANTITOXIC SERUM, AND THE ANTITOXIC STRENGTH OF THE PRECIPITATES. 1. The globulins of both normal and diphtheria antitoxic serum exhibit chemically toward reagents the same reactions, being precipitated by magnesium sulphate and split up into fractions in precisely the same way. 2. All of the diphtheric antitoxic power of both normal and immunized serum is always carried by the globulin and its fractional precipitates. 3. During the fractional precipitation of the serum globulin of horses immunized from diphtheria toxin and horses not immunized from diphtheria toxin, some of the globulin is lost, likewise at the same time some of the antitoxic power of the globulin of the immunized serum is lost. 4. These reactions, considered in connection with the fact that different observers as well as we ourselves have found diphtheric antitoxic power in normal horse's serum and that this antitoxin separates with the globulin, strongly incline us to consider "diphtheria antitoxin" a form of globulin. 5. The reactions of globulin, previously separated from the serum by magnesium sulphate, with sodium chloride lead one to think that there is a formation of globulin salts. 6. Since serum albumin in a magnesium sulphate solution gives fractional precipitates at definite temperatures, it seems not improbable that the albumin is precipitated in the form of albumin salts.
19866941
 A CASE OF GENERAL GASEOUS EMPHYSEMA WITH GAS CYSTS IN THE BRAIN FORMED AFTER DEATH AND DUE TO BACILLUS MUCOSUS CAPSULATUS, WITH A CONSIDERATION OF THE GAS-PRODUCING PROPERTIES OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THIS GROUP IN THE CADAVERS OF ANIMALS. In the case reported in this article there was septicaemia with special localization of the microorganisms in the brain, with gas cysts of the brain and general gaseous emphysema due to Bacillus mucosus capsulatus (aërogenes group). The bacillus isolated from the organs of this case, as well as other members of the aërogenic group of Bacillus mucosus capsulatus can cause general gaseous emphysema in the cadavers of rabbits, either with or without the intravenous injection of sugar before the animal is killed, the gas, however, being most abundant and rapidly formed in the former case. It is not impossible that some of the published cases of gaseous emphysema in which a bacteriological examination was not made, may have been due to members of the Bacillus mucosus capsulatus group.
